This E-mail and any attachments are private and confidential and may be legally privileged.

It is intended for recipients only and access by others is unauthorised.
It is not intended to be relied upon without subsequent written confirmation of its contents.
Accordingly InnovAnon, Inc., its subsidiaries and its associates
disclaim all responsibility and accept no liability (including in negligence)
for the consequences of any person acting, or refraining from acting,
on such information prior to the receipt by those persons of subsequent written confirmation.
If you are not the intended recipient, any disclosure, copying, distribution or
any action taken or omitted to be taken in reliance on the information in this e-mail is prohibited and may be unlawful. 

No confidentiality or privilege is waived or lost by any mistransmission.
If you receive this message in error, please immediately delete it and all copies of it from your system,
destroy any hard copies of it and notify the sender. You must not, directly or indirectly, use, disclose, distribute, print,
or copy any part of this message if you are not the intended recipient.

InnovAnon, Inc., and each of its subsidiaries each reserve the right to monitor all e-mail communications through its networks.
Any views expressed in this message are those of the individual sender,
except where the message states otherwise and the sender is authorised to state them to be the views of any such entity.

You may not send this email to non-concerned parties.
It is not to be relied upon by any person other than the addressee except with our prior written approval.
If no such approval is given, we will not accept any liability (in negligence or otherwise) arising from any third party acting,
or refraining from acting, on such information. Unauthorised recipients are required to maintain confidentiality.
By reading this, you agree to abide by these rules.
Failure to comply with this request, under both UK law and the judicial systems of other jurisdictions,
may result in a fine, a term in jail, or both.

E-mail may be susceptible to data corruption, interception, unauthorised amendment, viruses and unforeseen delays,
and we do not accept liability for any such data corruption, interception, unauthorised amendment, viruses and delays or the consequences thereof.
Accordingly, this e-mail and any attachments are opened at your own risk. 
 
The sender therefore does not accept liability for any errors or omissions in the contents of this message,
which arise as a result of e-mail transmission. If verification is required please request a hard-copy version.

Please be aware that messages sent over the Internet may not be secure and
should not be seen as forming a legally binding contract unless otherwise stated.

The employer reserves the right to monitor the content of the message and any reply received. 







This message may contain information that is private or confidential.
If you have received this message in error, please swallow your computer monitor immediately. 




